**Directly read website:** [JS Info](https://javascript.info/advanced-functions)

**Execution coontext:** The [execution context](https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-execution-contexts) is an internal data structure that contains details about the execution of a function: where the control flow is now, the current variables, the value of `this` (we don’t use it here) and few other internal details.

- One function call has exactly one execution context.

---
## Rest and Spread operator

- `arguments` variable is a special type of variable that contain all arguments by index. It was used before spread operator. Arrow functions do not have `arguments`.

---
## Closures

**Just read the article:** [Closures](https://javascript.info/closure)

**Lexical Environment:** In JavaScript, every running function, code block `{...}`, and the script as a whole have an internal (hidden) associated object known as the _Lexical Environment_.

The Lexical Environment object consists of two parts:

1. _Environment Record_ – an object that stores all local variables as its properties (and some other information like the value of `this`).
2. A reference to the _outer lexical environment_, the one associated with the outer code.

### Variable

**Whats a variable actually?**
A “variable” is just a property of the special internal object, `Environment Record`. “To get or change a variable” means “to get or change a property of that object”.

**Uninitialized stage:** Special internal state, engines knows variable exists but not available to be referenced by the user. This is the first stage of variable

### Functions
A function is also a value, like a variable.

**But the difference is:**
When a Lexical Environment is created, a Function Declaration immediately becomes a ready-to-use function (unlike `let`, that is unusable till the declaration).

That’s why we can use a function, declared as Function Declaration, even before the declaration itself.(**Hoisting starts**)

**Important point:** This behavior only applies to function declarations not function expressions.

---
## Function Object

**Contextual name:** If the function does not provide one, then in an assignment it is figured out from the context.

```js
let sayHi = function() {
	alert("Hi");
};

console.log(sayHi.name); // sayHi (there's a name!)
```

There can be instances where functions don't have names.

```js
// function created inside array

let arr = [function() {}];

console.log( arr[0].name ); // <empty string>

// the engine has no way to set up the right name, so there is none
```





